Grading criteria for Hw6  (edit distance and spell checker)

Penalties:
Compilation ERROR(S)  : 0 credit (final grade 0)  (If only 1 or 2 minor syntax errors such as missing ; or misspelled variable name: 10 points penalty per error. If major errors, or 3 or more minor errors: no credit.)
Compilation WARNING(S): 25%-50% penalty
Code crashes          : 30%-100% penalty 
Global variables      : 50% penalty if global variables are used in any place. 
    (Macros used to store limits such as max word size are not global variables).
Indentation incorrect or inconsistent (only spaces or only tabs): 5 points penalty
Submitted file is named something other than spell.c             : 5 points penalty

Point distribution:
115 points total

10 pts - Valgrind  

20 pts - correct edit distance computation (part 1 of program)
	17 - correct calculation of all edit distance (for all cases tested on)
		If the table cannot be printed, we cannot verify that it is build correctly: 15 points penalty
		If recursive, instead of iterative (with loop) method is used: 15 points penalty.
	 3 - correct behavior for print/no print argument: prints for value 1, does not print for any other value

25 pts printing the table - partial credit:
	5 - correct top row, i.e. column labels (letter) 
	5 - correct leftmost column, i.e. row labels (letter)
	8 - inside cells (all cells that contain a number) are aligned. 
		5 - cells are aligned.
		3 - cells have exactly 3 spaces (including the number in the table) (between |  |)
	5 - horizontal lines of dashes are printed and match the length of the row
	2 - The final edit distance is printed on a separate line after the table.

5 pts - Give the worst case time complexity to compute the edit distance from T test words  to D dictionary words where all words (from dictionary and misspelled) have length MAX_LEN.
5 pts - if any of the files fails to open, program will not crash and will not generate memory errors. 
	
10 pts - correct display for each processed word: the word is printed with | around it (see |tis| in example below), the options menu for corrections is printed, takes the user's answer(s). Here a 2pt penalty is applied for each missed component. 

40 pts - Correct spell check part (part 2 of program: read in files and do spell check)
	15 - minimum distance is computed correct (10pts) and printed before the words are printed (5pts).
	15 - all words at minimum distance are found and printed (10pts), and their corresponding option numbers start from 1 (5 pts)
	10 - User selection works. If the user selects option 1 or higher, the corresponding word is printed. If an invalid option is given a message is displayed and the original word is used (see demo in video).
	     E.g. :
---> |tis| 
-1 - type correction
 0 - leave word as is (do not fix spelling)
     Minimum distance: 1  
     Words that give minimum distance:
 1 - his
 2 - is
 3 - this
 4 - tie
Enter your choice (from the above options): 3
The corrected word is: this

